---
permalink: /privacy
head-title: Privacy Policy
head_description: Privacy Policy
---

# Privacy and Cookie Policy

We are committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect information about you to provide you with the best possible service , and we will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully.

We collect the following information from you if you fill in any forms:

Our site’s on-line forms require users to give us contact information (like name, email, and postal address). Contact information from the forms is used to answer questions, give information about our company and its services and allow the download of our trial software.

## External Links

This Site may contain links to other websites of third parties. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of those other sites

## Disclosure of information

Personally identifiable information that may be collected in connection with visitors to this site is retained by kibstech.co.uk, we do not sell, transfer or otherwise disclose this information, except where disclosure is required by law.

## Cookie Policy

Like most websites, this one uses cookies.

Cookies are small text files stored on your computer by your browser. They’re used for many things, such as remembering whether you’ve visited the site before, so that you remain logged in - or to help us work out how many new website visitors we get each month. They contain information about the use of your computer but don’t include personal information about you. You can think of cookies as providing a "memory" for the website, enabling it to recognise a user and respond appropriately. Each web domain can only access cookies stored by that specific web domain, meaning that only the kibstech.co.uk servers can access the cookies set by the kibstech.co.uk domain.

By accessing the Website, you agree that this Cookie Policy will apply whenever you access the Website on any device.
Any changes to this policy will be posted here. We reserve the right to vary this Cookie Policy from time to time and such changes shall become effective as soon as they are posted. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your agreement to all such changes.

### Our use of cookies

We do not recommend turning cookies off when visiting kibstech.co.uk, as this will prevent you from registering, signing in, and using many of the services on the site. Basically the site won't work properly! If you are primarily concerned about third party cookies generated by advertisers, you can turn these off by going to the third party's websites above and getting them to generate a one-time "no thanks" cookie, which will stop any further cookies being served to your machine.

A visit to a page on kibstech.co.uk may generate the following types of cookie:

### Google analytics cookies:

These monitor how visitors move around the Website and how they reached it. This is used so that we can see total (not individual) figures on which types of content users enjoy most, for instance. These cookies can tell us whether or not you've visited the site before. This allows us to track how many individual unique users we have, and how often they visit the site. These cookies cannot be used to identify individuals; they are used for statistical purposes only. You can opt out of these if you want: <a href = "https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout" target = "_blank">Google: click here</a>

### Functionality cookies

#### Third party advertising cookies

kibstech.co.uk serve elements of pages from multiple sources, and so after visiting you may see other cookies from third parties. Some of these third parties use their own anonymous cookies to track how many people have seen a particular ad, or to track how many people have seen it more than once. The companies that generate these cookies have their own privacy policies and kibstech.co.uk has no access to read or write these cookies. For more information about this type of online behavioural advertising, about cookies, and about how to turn this feature off, please visit <a href = "http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices" target = "_blank">click here</a>

We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update these policies. All links correct at time of publication.
